Expand non-transparent macros after Typer (#9984)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/docs/reference/metaprogramming/inline.md

val one: 1 = zero + 1
```

### Transparent vs. non-transparent inline

> As we already discussed, transparent inline methods will provide a more precise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we already discussed, transparent inline methods may influence type checking.
```

> Technically this implies that transparent inline methods must be expanded while typing the program. Other inline methods are inlined later after the program is fully typed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically this implies that transparent inline methods must be expanded during type checking of the program. Other inline methods are inlined later after the program is fully typed.
```

> For example the following two functions will be typed the same way but will be inlined at different times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following two functions will be typed the same way but will be inlined at different times.
```

```scala
inline def f1: T = ...
transparent inline def f2: T = (...): T
```

A noteworthy difference is the behavior of `transparent inline given`.
If there is an error reported when inlining that definition, it will be considered as an implicit search mismatch and the search will continue.
A `transparent inline given` can add a type ascription in its RHS (as in `f2` from the previous example) to avoid the precise type but keep the search behavior.

> On the other hand `inline given` be taken as the implicit and then after typing is done the code is inlined and any error will be emitted as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, `inline given` be taken as the implicit and then inlined after typing. Any error will be emitted as usual.
```

   | This location is in code that was inlined at ...
```

> In a transparent inline, an `inline if` will force the inlining of any inline definition in its condition.

Reviewer: Can it still expand after typer?

Author: Yes
